Update customGitFetch to reflect env var (#40459)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/monorepo.md

Sourcegraph clones code from your code host via the usual `git clone` or `git fetch` commands. Some organisations use custom `git` binaries or commands to speed up these operations. Sourcegraph supports using alternative git binaries to allow cloning. This can be done by inheriting from the `gitserver` docker image and installing the custom `git` onto the `$PATH`.

Some monorepos use a custom command for `git fetch` to speed up fetch. Sourcegraph allows the specification of a custom git command via `CUSTOM_GIT_FETCH_CONF`, an environment variable set in gitserver, which sets the path to a file specifying your custom git command.

> For example, at `/bin` in gitserver, a binary exists `customGit` containing:

Reviewer: Hmm, I don't think I understand this sentence, nor realize it would be a JSON file by just looking at this part. My attempt:

```suggestion
For example, for running an alternative binary `/doom-git/git.Linux.x86_64/bin/git` in the place of regular `git`:
```

Author: That was my math proofs coming out 😓 -- a group exists such that etc etc

Author: If we change that part we'd also need to change the path arg passed to `CUSTOM_GIT_FETCH_CONF` though 🤔, just wanting to make it clear that the argument here is a path to another file, which also contains a path

Reviewer: I guess the most confusing part to me is that how is "customGit" a binary?

Reviewer 2: I think this should be reworded. 

## For custom fetch commands

For large monorepos, Sourcegraph may need to utilize custom git fetch commands. The way of doing this is to create a JSON file and reference the path of this json file in the env var. `CUSTOM_GIT_FETCH_CONF=/path/to/config.json`. 

The schema is below. The schema can also be viewed on the site-config BUT WILL HAVE NO EFFECT unless set using the above env var and file approach.

```json
[
	{
		"domainPath": "git.latveria.bot/vi/src",
		"fetch": "/doom-git/git.Linux.x86_64/bin/git -c remote.origin.url=https://git.latveria.bot/vi/src -c remote.origin.mirror=true -c remote.origin.fetch='+refs/*:refs/*' journal-fetch origin"
	}

> ]

Reviewer 2: maybe add more lines here show that we support multiple `domainPath/fetch` combos

```

> In this example `CUSTOM_GIT_FETCH_CONF='/bin/customGit'`

Reviewer: nit: This is a JSON config file after all, not a binary

```suggestion
In this example `CUSTOM_GIT_FETCH_CONF='/etc/customGitFetchConf.json'`
```

Sourcegraph clones code from your code host via the usual `git clone` or `git fetch` commands. Some organisations use custom `git` binaries or commands to speed up these operations. Sourcegraph supports using alternative git binaries to allow cloning. This can be done by inheriting from the `gitserver` docker image and installing the custom `git` onto the `$PATH`.

> Some monorepos use a custom command for `git fetch` to speed up fetch. Sourcegraph allows the specification of a custom git command via `CUSTOM_GIT_FETCH_CONF`, an environment variable set in gitserver, which sets the path to a file specifying your custom git command.

Author: ```suggestion
Some monorepos use a custom command for `git fetch` to speed up fetch. Sourcegraph allows the specification of a custom git command via `CUSTOM_GIT_FETCH_CONF`, an environment variable set in gitserver, which sets the path to a file specifying your custom git command.

For example, at `/bin` in gitserver, a binary exists `customGit` containing:
```
[
	{
		"domainPath": "git.latveria.bot/vi/src",
		"fetch": "/doom-git/git.Linux.x86_64/bin/git -c remote.origin.url=https://git.latveria.bot/vi/src -c remote.origin.mirror=true -c remote.origin.fetch='+refs/*:refs/*' journal-fetch origin"
	}
]
```
In this example `CUSTOM_GIT_FETCH_CONF='/bin/customGit'`
```
